1. Fusion Neutronic Source (FNS) clean benchmarks -- These experiments measure
neutron spectra, photon spectra and heating, and dosimetry reaction rates in a
series of beryllium, vanadium, iron, copper, and tungsten assemblies irradiated
by a D-T source.

2. FNS dogleg duct streaming benchmark -- This experiment measures neutron
streaming through a double-bend duct representative of fusion channel designs
used for diagnosis of radiofrequency heating. Neutron spectra and reaction rates
are measured within the duct irradiated with a D-T source.

3. Frascati Neutron Generator (FNG) streaming benchmark -- This experiment
evaluates the prediction of neutron reaction rates and nuclear heating in a
mockup of the ITER shielding system with a high aspect ratio streaming path.
Neutron reaction rates are measured in activation foils within and behind the
streaming channel and in a cavity at the end of the channel.

4. ITER port plug computational benchmark -- This benchmark consists of a series
of cylinders representing a simplified port plug and has been used in the ITER
R&D program for comparing different code systems for performing SDR
calculations.

5. FNG SDR benchmark -- This benchmark is part of the SINBAD suite of radiation
shielding and fusion neutronics benchmarks and is designed to emulate the
irradiation of the ITER vacuum vessel. The experiment consists of several layers
of water-equivalent PMMA (poly methyl methacrylate) embedded in a stainless
steel block. A tissue-equivalent dosimeter was used to evaluate the biological
dose at 19 decay times after 2 days of irradiation with 14 MeV neutrons.
Notably, a complete model for this benchmark already exists and is accessible to
our team.

6. ITER E-Lite model -- To demonstrate the capabilities developed for large,
complex models, we will develop an OpenMC model equivalent to the ITER E-Lite
MCNP model, which is the most detailed, complete model of a tokamak device for
nuclear analysis. Argonne has previously developed capabilities for automated
conversion from MCNP to OpenMC models. These capabilities will be leveraged and
expanded if needed in order to convert the E-lite MCNP model.
